README.md, before:


# Neo24


### *Features*:
* Displays current Time in 24 hour format
* Neomorphic Interface 
* Added Themes: Dark Mode <-> Light Mode


## *Features to be added*

- Adding markers for sunrise and sunset 
- Adding hour labels for easier reading


## *Technologies used*

- HTML5
- CSS3 (with Flexbox)
- Vanilla Javascript


## *References*
* For Fonts: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Work+Sans:wght@300&display=swap)
* For Color Coordination: [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_mixer.asp?colorbottom=000000&colortop=FFFFFF)
* For Date and Time function: [Date and Time JS](https://javascript.info/date#setting-date-components)
* For Neomorphism: [Writing CSS for Neomorphism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv0dy51SYL0)
* Help for Neomorphism: [Neomorphism](https://neumorphism.io/)
* More about Neomorphism: [CSS-tricks](https://css-tricks.com/neumorphism-and-css/)

# *Clock based on AnalogClock by*
* Tushar Nankani (tusharnankani, tusharnankani3@gmail.com)
   - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tusharnankani)

Commit message:

Add pages link, update features and todo

README.md, after:


# Neo24

24 hour clock that highlights the amount of day light.
Check it out [here](https://ofietze.github.io/Neo24/). Location access is needed for now.

### *Features*:
* Displays current Time in 24 hour format
* Neomorphic Interface 
* Added Themes: Dark Mode <-> Light Mode


## *TODO*

- Cleanup code
- Add dark mode for whole interface
- Update CSS to use Sass

## *References*
* For Fonts: [Google Fonts](https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Work+Sans:wght@300&display=swap)
* For Color Coordination: [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/colors/colors_mixer.asp?colorbottom=000000&colortop=FFFFFF)
* For Date and Time function: [Date and Time JS](https://javascript.info/date#setting-date-components)
* For Neomorphism: [Writing CSS for Neomorphism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv0dy51SYL0)
* Help for Neomorphism: [Neomorphism](https://neumorphism.io/)
* More about Neomorphism: [CSS-tricks](https://css-tricks.com/neumorphism-and-css/)

# *Clock based on AnalogClock by*
* Tushar Nankani (tusharnankani, tusharnankani3@gmail.com)
   - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tusharnankani)
